Full names: Christopher Besser, Di Wu, Wei Song, Zhiyuan Li
SEAS logins: cbesser, diwu2, weisong, zhil

Which features did you implement?  (list features, or write 'Entire assignment')

Chris implemented the Thread based Mercator Web Crawler.
Di implemented the MapReduce page indexer.
Wei implemented the MapReduce PageRank engine.
Zhiyuan implemented the UI and search engine.

Did you complete any extra-credit tasks? If so, which ones? (list extra-credit tasks)

   Crawler:
	    Chris implemented functionality to check if the content of a web page has already been seen. However, he does not
	        record hits when he detects them (this functionality was removed due to time constraints).
	    Chris implemented image link extraction, and wrote them to text files for Di and Zhiyuan to process.
	    Wei implemented geolocating crawled URLs' host server IP addresses, and wrote them to the PageRank outputs.
   User Interface and Search Engine:
	    Zhiyuan extended the ranking function to account for the user's geolocation, and increase weights of pages close to the user.
	    Zhiyuan used the openweathermap.org API to allow users to search for the current weather in specified cities.
	    Wei implemented a simple spellcheck engine for user queries that suggests corrected spellings, within two edit distances
		(insertion, deletion, swap, and replacement). The UI includes a link that when clicked on, launches another search using the updated spelling.

Any special instructions for building and running your solution? (include detailed instructions, or write 'None')

   See crawler-README.txt, pagerank-README.txt, index-README.txt, ui-and-data-README.txt, and ui-README.txt for detailed instructions on running each component.

Did you and your teammates personally write all the code you are submitting (other than code from the course web page and code we have explicitly
    authorized on Piazza)?
  [X] Yes
  [ ] No

Did you copy any code from the Internet (other than code that was explicitly authorized on Piazza), or from classmates that are not your teammates?
  [ ] Yes
  [X] No

Did you collaborate with anyone on this assignment, other than your teammates?
  [ ] Yes
  [X] No
